.TH newlispdoc 1 "February 2007" "version 1.0" "Commandline Parameters"
.SH NAME
.B newlispdoc
\- generate documentation from newLISP source comments
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B newlispdoc 
[\-s] lisp-file1 [lisp-file2 ...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
newlispdoc is a commandline utility written in newLISP to generate HTML documentation from comments written in newLISP source files. Consult /usr/share/doc/newlisp/newLISPdoc.html for a detailed description on how to write comments usable for newlispdoc. The newlispdoc command should be executed from inside the directory where the newLISP source files can be found. The generated documetation files will have .html added to the name of the source file. An index.html page is generated, which is listing for each file links to all the documented functions.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-s
this option causes newlispdoc to also generate a syntax highlighted HTML file of the source. A link to this file will be present in the HTML documentation of this file. The generated file will have the added extension .src.html.
.TP
lisp-file
is a commented newLISP source file from which a documentaion file will be generated.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Generate all documentation form files in the current directory.
.B newlispdoc
afile.lsp bfile.lsp
.PP
.TP
Generate documentation and syntax highlighted HTML versions from all lisp files in the current directory
.B newlispdoc
\-s *.lsp
.SH EXIT STATUS
newlispdoc returns a zero exit status for normal exit or writes a usage message if not enough paramneters are supplied.
.SH AUTHOR
Lutz Mueller <lutz@nuevatec.com>
.SH SEE ALSO
newlisp(1) - newlisp man page

http://www.newlisp.org -  the newLISP home page

